So we successfully got the authenticated user, but we got that user only for 30 seconds because the
access token expires.
So now let's use the refresh token to generate another access token for that or create a directory.
I'll call it interceptors.
Inside all create a new typescript file and call it active and the in the main that is all import here.
Interceptor auctions in the main that is.
So we imported this file, but currently it does not do anything.
So here let's import access from auctions and let's add some default values.
The first one that we will add is active defaults based URL is equal.
And for this all the old go to the register component and I will cut this prefix old at this end.
All added here and now with this change the request will look better.
So this is a post request to the register end point and we can refactor all the other requests.
So this is the log in.
And when we get the authenticated user, we just send the great request to the user.
So that is the first change that will improve our code.
The second one is using an interceptor for our refresh token for that old use active interceptors.
For the response and we will use the use function so we will intercept every response.
The first case here is when the response is successful.
We don't want to handle that case.
So the response will return directly the response.
So we don't want to intercept that.
We want to intercept the error case.
So when we get an error, what do we want to do?
If we if the token is expired, it will return status code of 401.
So we'll make the condition if error that response.
That status is equal to 401.
What do we want to do?
So.
In this case, we want to send the request to the refresh token to get a new access token.
So we'll get the response here is equal to it.
So let's make this function synchronous.
We will await actions.
Will send a post request to the refresh token.
To the refresh endpoint.
Sorry.
We do not need to send any data, but we need to add with credentials to through because we need to
send the refresh token in the other request.
For example, the user here, we don't need to send the refresh token because we need only the access
token here.
But in this request we need to send also the refresh token in the back and will use it.
And if the response is successful, which means response, that status is equal to 200, then it means
we have to get the bear token again, like this old copy of this code.
I'll go to access and I'll put it here.
So access default headers authorization will be the new bear token and we have to do the same request
again.
So for that we need to return access and insert output error that config.
So inside the.
Error.
That config contains all information regarding the previous request, and if we do it like this, it
means that we have to do the same request.
And if we don't get the 401 error or something else, we will return directly the error here.
And that's it.
This is how we use an interceptor to use our refresh token.
And with this change now we can see that we are getting our user.
If we inspect now and if we refresh, we can see that we are calling the user here.
It is another unauthenticated.
And then immediately we call the refresh endpoint, which we get a new token and then we call the user
again, which this time we get the authenticated user.
So this was the part where we do the request again and that's it.
This is how we use the refresh token.
Now in the next tutorial, let's get a logout button here.